---
title: Terms and Conditions
--- 
This website is owned by Tiffany Hooton ("I",“we” or “us”). By viewing this site or utilizing any information provided you agree to the Terms and Conditions set forth below. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions please do not continue to view this website.

This site is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a client/therapist relationship. This site is imply a tool provided for free to you. 

I am an Associate Marriage and Family Therapist who sees a limited amount of clients within the state of California. This website is not intended to provide mental health treatment and again, does not constitute a client/therapist relationship which will be established after an initial consult and signed consent. I do not provide diagnosis via this website. The information provided on this site is not a replacement for the therapeutic relationship in psychotherapy. The information on this website is not intended to replace medical advice. I am not a Medical Provider (Physician, Psychiatrist, Nurse Practitioner, etc.). You agree and acknowledge that I am not providing medical advice or mental health advice in any way. Always seek the advice of your own Medical Provider regarding any questions or concerns you have about your specific health or any medications, herbs or supplements you are currently taking and before implementing any recommendations or suggestions from this website. Do not disregard medical advice or delay seeking medical advice because of information you have read on this website. Do not start or stop taking any medications without speaking to your own Medical Provider. If you have or suspect that you have a medical or mental health problem, contact your own Medical Provider or Mental Health Provider promptly.. This site is not an attempt to be the end-all, be-all to getting you to where you want to be.  Your success is up to you. 

This website does not provide legal or financial advice and by consenting to these terms and conditions you do not hold me liable for any errors, omissions, damages or losses that occur from its use by you or any user. I do my best to provide accurate information that helps people in their lives but you agree that I am not liable and am not providing any financial or legal services. 

On that note, you assume full responsibility for using the information on this site, and you understand and agree that Tiffany Hooton is not responsible or liable for any claim, loss, or damage resulting from its use by you or any user. 

I try to keep the information on this site as accurate as possible, however, I do not claim any warranty or guarantee concerning its accuracy, timeliness and completeness, express or implied, including warranties or merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. There will likely be typographical errors and if found, kindly bring them to my attention.

The free content you access on this website is always free. I do not collect credit card information for anything that is free. I do collect email addresses with your permission. You may unsubscribe at any time. 

You are utilizing this website voluntarily and are here of your own free will. You agree that you are using this website solely for your personal use and that you are responsible for your choices, actions and the results. You accept responsibility of how you choose to use or not use the information provided on this website. You agree to use your own judgment before you implement anything from this website for your life.  

I do not guarantee nor warrant that access to the site will be error or virus-free. While I use a secure web host and have no intention of causing harm, you accept the risk in accessing this website. Links are to other websites are provided for your convenience, however, We are not responsible for the availability, accuracy or content of those external links. References or links in my website does not constitute my formal endorsement. I am sharing information for your ease of access only.  If my website links appear in any other individual’s, business’s or entity’s website, program, product or services, it does not constitute my formal endorsement of them, their business or their website either.

Unless otherwise stated, users may print or download information from this site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided they identify the source of the material and include a statement that the materials are protected by copyright law. Beyond personal use, permission to reprint or otherwise reproduce any document in whole or in part is prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the copyright owner. 

I do not guarantee results or outcomes, as they differ for each person for psychotherapy. Results depend on you and how you implement and integrate what you learn. If you become a client, you will be given an informed consent discussing the risks and benefits of working with me. You agree that there are no guarantees from implementing or accessing information from this website. 

You assume all risks in utilizing this website. As with all situations, there are sometimes unknown individual risks and circumstances that can arise during use of my website that cannot be foreseen that can influence or reduce results. You understand that any mention of any suggestion or recommendation on or through my website is to be taken at your own risk, with no liability on my part.

By using this website, you agree to absolve me of any liability or loss that you or any other person may incur from use of the information, products or materials that you request or receive through or on my website. You agree that I will not be liable to you, or to any other individual, company or entity, for any type of damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, equitable or consequential loss or damages, for use of or reliance on my website. You agree that I do not assume liability for accidents, delays, injuries, harm, loss, damage, death, lost profits, personal or business interruptions, misapplication of information, physical or mental disease or condition or issue, or any other type of loss or damage due to any act or default by me or anyone acting as our agent, consultant, affiliate, joint venture partner, employee, shareholder, director, staff, team member, or anyone otherwise affiliated with my business or me, who is engaged in delivering content on or through this website.

You hereby fully and completely hold harmless, indemnify and release me and any of my agents, consultants, affiliates, joint venture partners, employees, shareholders, directors, staff, team members, or anyone otherwise affiliated with my business or me from any and all causes of action, allegations, suits, claims, damages, or demands whatsoever, in law or equity, that may arise in the past, present or future that is in any way related to my website.

I do promote and affiliate with or partner with other individuals or businesses who programs and products align with mine. I am transparent about my affiliation and may receive financial compensation or other rewards for my affiliation.   Please note that I am highly selective and I promote the partners whose programs, products and/or services I respect. At the same time, you agree that any such promotion or marketing does not serve as any form of endorsement whatsoever. You are still required to use your own judgment to determine that any such program, product or service is appropriate for you. You assume all risks, and you agree that I am not liable in any way for any program, product or service that I may promote, market, share or sell on or through my website.

I want my clients to be happy and I also want to be happy. These terms and conditions are in place for all of us to be clear about who I am, how I help and what is expected. By utilizing my website you agree to these terms and conditions. If you have any questions, please contact me TiffanyHootonTherapy@protonmail.com.